[DOCS-9892] adding Neutral tags section, updating Failed connections (#27283)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/cloud_network_monitoring/network_analytics.md

{{< img src="network_performance_monitoring/network_analytics/search_bar_with_groupby_2.png" alt="Using group by option with search field" style="width:90%;">}}

### Neutral tags

> Neutral tags are tags that are not specific to a client or server but apply to an entire flow. You can search for and filter on traffic with these neutral tags, for example, you can use these tags to filter for traffic that is TLS encrypted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neutral tags are tags that are not specific to a client or server, and instead apply to an entire flow. You can search for and filter on traffic with these neutral tags. For example, you can use these tags to filter for traffic that is TLS encrypted.
```

> {{< img src="network_performance_monitoring/network_analytics/cnm_using_neutral_tags.png" alt="Screenshot showing how to search for neutral tags, with an example on searching for tls_encrypted traffic" style="width:90%;">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="network_performance_monitoring/network_analytics/cnm_using_neutral_tags.png" alt="Screenshot showing how to search for neutral tags, with an example searching for 'tls_encrypted' traffic" style="width:90%;">}}
```

> The following is the list of neutral tags available to be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is the list of neutral tags available for use:

```

| Tag                     | Description                                                                                   |
|-------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | is_agent_traffic        | Indicates whether the traffic was generated by the Datadog Agent.                             |

Reviewer: Comment applies to entire table: tags seem like they should be in code font

Author: good catch

| tls_encrypted           | Specifies if the connection is encrypted using TLS.                                           |

> | tls_cipher_suite        | Identifies the specific TLS cipher suite used (example `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`).  |

Reviewer 2: (my bad, I know I provided this) can you lowercase the cipher suite example here? we only support querying with lowercase. This is also reflected in the screenshot

> | is_agent_traffic        | Indicates whether the traffic was generated by the Datadog Agent.                             |
> | tls_encrypted           | Specifies if the connection is encrypted using TLS.                                           |
> | tls_cipher_suite        | Identifies the specific TLS cipher suite used (example `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`).  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| is_agent_traffic        | Indicates whether the traffic was generated by the Datadog Agent.                             |
| tls_encrypted           | Specifies if the connection is encrypted using TLS.                                           |
| tls_cipher_suite        | Identifies the specific TLS cipher suite used (for example, `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`).  |
```

| tls_cipher_insecure     | Identifies if the cipher used in the connection is generally considered to be secure or not.  |

> | tls_version             | The version of TLS negotiated and used by the connection (`tls_1.2`, `tls_1.3`).            |
> | tls_client_version      | The version(s) of TLS that the client supports (`tls_1.2`, `tls_1.3`).                      |
> | gateway_id              | Unique identifier for the AWS gateway resource.                                               |
> | gateway_type            | Specifies the type of AWS gateway (Internet, NAT, Transit).                             |
> | gateway_region          | The AWS region in which the gateway is deployed (example `us-east-1`).                            |
> | gateway_availability-zone | The Availability Zone hosting the gateway (example `us-east-1a`).                               |
> | gateway_public_ip       | The public IP address assigned to the gateway.                                                |
> | tgw_attachment_id       | Unique identifier for the AWS Transit Gateway attachment.                                     |
> | tgw_attachment_type     | Type of the AWS Transit Gateway attachment (example VPC, VPN, Direct Connect).                  |
> | vpc_endpoint_id         | Unique identifier for the VPC endpoint.                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tls_version             | The version of TLS negotiated and used by the connection (`tls_1.2` or `tls_1.3`).            |
| tls_client_version      | The version(s) of TLS that the client supports (`tls_1.2` or `tls_1.3`).                      |
| gateway_id              | Unique identifier for the AWS gateway resource.                                               |
| gateway_type            | Specifies the type of AWS gateway (Internet, NAT, or Transit).                             |
| gateway_region          | The AWS region in which the gateway is deployed (for example, `us-east-1`).                            |
| gateway_availability-zone | The Availability Zone hosting the gateway (for example, `us-east-1a`).                               |
| gateway_public_ip       | The public IP address assigned to the gateway.                                                |
| tgw_attachment_id       | Unique identifier for the AWS Transit Gateway attachment.                                     |
| tgw_attachment_type     | Type of the AWS Transit Gateway attachment (for example, VPC, VPN, or Direct Connect).                  |
| vpc_endpoint_id         | Unique identifier for the VPC endpoint.                                                       |
```
